â•”â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•[â”€]â•[â–¡]â•[Ã—]â•â•—                 
â•‘ Venge Bugs Checklist                                                   â•‘                                                 File Key:                                    
â• â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•¦â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•£                                            
â•‘ Name:                    â•‘ Venge Bugs                                  â•‘                                                 Severe/High Priority Bugs         ðŸ”´  52        
â•‘ Version:                 â•‘ 1.2.15                                      â•‘                                                 Moderate/Medium Priority Bugs     ðŸŸ¡  90       
â•‘ Author:                  â•‘ Vance Y.#1008                               â•‘                                                 Mild/Low Priority Bugs            ðŸŸ¢  41       
â•‘ License:                 â•‘ CC0 1.0 Universal                           â•‘                                                 Pending Bugs                      ðŸ”³  161       
â•‘ Last Update:             â•‘ 9 June 2023                                 â•‘                                                 Fixed Bugs                        âœ…  22
â•‘ Total bugs:              â•‘ 191 (+8)                                    â•‘
â•šâ•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•                                                 

â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•

----- Main UI -----

ðŸ”³ After every match an advert tries to play but doesn't. This also causes the cursor to lock automatically on the UI and disappear.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Max limit of claiming ad rewards per day is 3. But the popup shows up more than 3 times.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ It takes too long to equip a skin in Shop inventory (about 5-10 seconds).ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Multiple dances can be selected in the Shop inventory at once.ðŸŸ¡
âœ… The resolution range in menu settings is 20-100 while for in-game pause menu its 50-100.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ With the new Friends and messages system added and old one removed, you cannot see if the message sender is online or offline.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ The inbox system also isn't live like before. This means, to see a new message from the sender you have to close and reopen the inbox again.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Character animations on the main UI are static instead of being animated.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ There is no delete clan button in clan settings for newly made clans. Only a leave button which is useless since you can't "leave" the clan as an owner. You can only delete it. (https://youtu.be/JlDyWaLNxFw)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ If you visit Shop/Leaderboard/Account/Settings and then come back to main menu, sometimes your equipped skin doesn't get applied.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ The in-game inventory isn't scrollable anymore.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ No lock icons over M4 and AK47 even if you have not unlocked them. (https://iili.io/Hg1Nw6F.png)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ The same quests give you different rewards sometimes. Also some quests like Kulu's quest tend to appear multiple times in the same refresh.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Can't block users in inbox. The "Disable all messages from user" toggle doesn't work anymore.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ New accounts log out on their own very frequently and randomly. Happens a lot when you close the browser window and open back and go to venge again.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Ad rewards should only pop out after 15 minutes to avoid confusion.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Custom match issues, if you don't join within 10 secs of creating a match then you get the alert "Session is not available!".ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Sometimes the loader on the play button spins infinitely after its clicked.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Before you could login onto any venge sub-domain and it would log you in everywhere else. Now you have to log in separately on social hub, the game and map editor.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Daily Rewards alert "You already claimed your daily reward!" keeps popping up after every refresh.ðŸŸ¡
âœ… You can claim daily rewards even without watching its advert.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Kulu's quest shows up sometimes as a regular quest even if you have already unlocked it.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ After leaving any match the character on the main UI takes up the lighting of that match (global ambient issues).ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ A lot of irrelevant alerts after every refresh, "Please log in", "You've already claimed your reward", even though nothing is clicked.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ "An error occurred" alert even after completing a quest.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ LMG can't be unlocked anymore from loadout.ðŸŸ¡
âœ… In your profile settings you cannot update your password unless you also change your email.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Cannot update clan info like welcome message and discord link.ðŸŸ¡

----- In-Game -----

General

âœ… URLs like /?map=MapName and /Spectate:A1B2C3 don't work anymore.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ When in-game resolution is reduced the HUD and crosshair resolution also reduces with it. This makes text harder to read and crosshair very blurry.ðŸ”´
âœ… After a match ends and you vote for the next map, in the next game there is no hp bar over the enemies when you shoot them.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Potions aren't visible in the match until you actually use them once. (use clip from custom sierra)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Players get stuck on the instancing spawn point below the map. You cannot find them anywhere on the map terrain. (https://iili.io/HSw4uYx.png)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Skins with animated textures have laggy animations sometimes. Example- Blaze scar, OLED tec-9. (https://youtu.be/euouy_-QMaY)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Lighting issues on guns in official map jsons. Even if you turn around there's no lighting on the weapon and hands. (https://youtube.com/shorts/VrFCyTAo_9Y)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ In-game leaderboard/scoreboard doesn't update on its own. So whenever a player leaves their position doesn't get removed from the leaderboard.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Lighting issues on the whole terrain. For maps with brighter skyboxes like Mistle and Tundra, there should be some amount of shadows.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ You cannot get more than 1 hacker kicked per game, even if there are multiple in the same match.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Sometimes when a new enemy spawns for the first time and you place your crosshair on them, they disappear and move to some other spawn point (add clip from half mag bug).ðŸŸ¡
âœ… Reflectivity problems. Most of the canvas elements are now reflective. Examples- Ground, MineCart, Character, Rocks etc.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Charms noclip into the weapon models when moving around, jumping and turning at specific angles. (add clip)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ For games (mostly guest lobbies while not logged in), you join at about 20-30 seconds remaining. This time should be at least 2-3 minutes remaining always.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Censor username setting only hides username on in-game leaderboard. Can still see the username on report list and kill-feed entries. (https://iili.io/HUcnUBe.png)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Abilities and Grenade affect own teammates in TDM mode (Mistle).ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Respawning after getting killed takes a very long time (about 10 seconds).ðŸ”´
âœ… If you press space while landing on bounce pad it gives you a higher bounce. ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Sprays don't work anymore.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ The Y key in-game ad-reward activates even when the in-game chat is focused. Should only work when you're not typing in the chat.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Chat messages disappear very quickly. Was better before when it was about 10 seconds until their disappearance.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ The in-game ad-reward failure message should be sent by the console, not the player. And it should only be visible to the player, not to everyone else in-game. (https://iili.io/HUcC5R2.png)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Black screen appears sometimes after matchmaking is complete.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ If you click on the name of a clan member from the in-game report menu it doesn't take you to their profile due to their clan initials. (add browser clip only)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ If you get killed while using emote, you cannot emote for the entire rest of the match.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Shadows should be static for the map assets instead of having a render distance. Only the moving objects like characters and guns should have rendered shadows.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ You have to refresh page after every log out to get logged out in-game as well.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Some of the elements in maps have become very bright due to the reflectivity bug. The spinning circle, potions, grenade etc. (https://iili.io/HSwkKVj.png)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ When you die and fall to the ground, your equipped character skin goes back to default skin. (https://youtu.be/0zO_cd-CZzk)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ After the loading screen for Sierra appears a lot of times the screen goes completely blank with only the chatbox visible (play tundra, leave game in between and play sierra, add clip)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Glider can get bugged and let you glide on the ground if you intersect with its collider a lot of times in a short span of time.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ The birds in-game don't fly off sometimes even if you're close to them. (https://iili.io/HUcx3Sj.png)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ If you inspect weapon but then also dance/shoot/use ability at the same time, you cannot inspect the weapon anymore for the entire rest of the match.ðŸŸ¡
âœ… When using controller to play the game, there is a very sudden crosshair flick that you get after every kill.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ If you suicide in gun-game mode, its counted as a kill in the rank-kill counter, which keeps on increasing indefinitely. (add clip)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ You can emote even after dying. After that you cannot emote again for the entire match.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ If you're scoped in while the match ends, the scope is over the results UI instead of being under it.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Charms in-game can clip through the weapon models when turning at a specific angle or moving too fast. (add clip)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ When you get a rank upping kill in Gungame mode, the kill is shown to have happened with the next rank weapon in the kill-feed. (add clip)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Sometimes character hands don't show even when Hide Hands and Weapons is turned off. (add clip from Venge media)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Even if the enemy has any other weapon equipped you can only see them holding the scar.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ The ground crack, totems and capture points are always horizontal. They don't get slanted over sloped ground. (https://iili.io/HUczAB9.png)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ A lot of times damage with weapons, throwables and melees goes unregistered (the enemy doesn't get damaged even when hit).ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Collisions and hitboxes are not well made. For most of the walls you're not even touching them really while for some pillars, your gun can almost poke inside them. (https://iili.io/HUcfmJV.png)ðŸŸ¡  
ðŸ”³ Characters have no shadows and reflections at all.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Mistle map is never shown in the map voting section on the end-game scoreboard. It should be shown in the voting section of Sierra, Tundra and Temple.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Timebomb hand placement in custom maps is very messed. Also messes up other weapons position when you equip them right after equipping timebomb. (add clip.)ðŸŸ¢
âœ… You can only play Sierra inspite of selecting any other maps.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ If you keep continuing matches your FPS keeps lowering progressively and noticeably.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Kulu's ground crack and totem stays in the match even after the player using Kulu leaves the match. You can't shoot those totems and burst them.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ When in-game ad-reward weapon is unlocked and equipped you cannot switch back to default 1st slot weapon. You need to switch to another slot then switch back to 1st slot to make it happen.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Everytime you leave a match the map selection goes back to "All".ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ When a hacker gets kicked for hack activity, they don't really get "kicked". They just can't play anymore and eventually get kicked for being AFK.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ While having sniper equipped, if you spam RMB and also switch to another weapon at the same time, the scope glitches out. (https://iili.io/HSkenne.png)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Same account can join the same lobby. This gives players an advantage of boosting stats. (https://iili.io/HUYdQmG.png)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Skin thumbnails don't load sometimes in the in-game leaderboard and end-game scoreboard.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Sometimes the character running animations just freeze/lag. (https://youtu.be/D4B9uZsrUU0)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Sometimes you have default skin equipped when gliding.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ If you kill someone and a new player joins the match at that same time, a collision-less glb model of the character that you just killed stands up again for a few seconds. (add clip)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Valentine 2023 skins are not working in-game.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ The new 3rd anniversary skins are not working. Only the charms are working.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Guns in the game are now positioned a bit frontward now. It was more realistic before when they were near to the player. (https://iili.io/HUnJARn.png)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ If you collide with a pre-spawned player you get flung out of the map.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Objective timer is wrong. It always says 15 seconds to next objective but its usually 20-30 seconds. (https://iili.io/HUcoRZ7.png)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Character Rigging issues. Body of character covers the entire screen while using throwables or reloading/inspecting weapons.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Sometimes kill-feed entries get stuck on the HUD.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Even when you have M4/AK47 selected as your primary you start the match out with Scar. This didn't happen in earlier Venge.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Kulu damage numbers sometimes show infinity damage. Also happens with Shin sometimes. (find clip if possible)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ If a player joins the match right after the match ends and before the map voting starts, the voting progress bugs out of the progress-bar (https://iili.io/H49cHYB.png)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Can't play any maps except Sierra on mobile devices.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Sometimes if you spam the ability keys a bit too much you cannot see their cooldown timer anymore until the cooldown resets.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Some character skins like Egyptian Kulu are shorter than default, giving a slight hitbox advantage.ðŸŸ¢
âœ… After a game is left the overall audio suddenly maxes out.ðŸ”´
âœ… Ability icons do not change for different characters on mobile. Its always Lilium's hammer for melee and grenade for throwable (https://iili.io/HSSR0Bt.png)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Anticheat false kicks alot of the legit good players and isn't quick on actual hackers.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ In-game chat slur censoring is way too strict. Even good words like "assumption" get converted to "***umption" just because of the term "ass".ðŸŸ¡
âœ… Can't move camera around like before while dancing in-game.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Turn off shadows doesn't work. The shadows are still there on the map.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Sniper scope lens used to be reflective before. Now its just static. (https://iili.io/HUcIqCP.png)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Sometimes one map loads into another map if you join a match at the very last second before the next match starts.ðŸŸ¡

Heroes : Lilium

ðŸ”³ Lilium's dress overlaps on her thigh (add standing gif)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Lilium's grenade color has become very pale pink. It isn't the usual dark pink anymore. It also blows up a bit quicker than it should.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Grenade has very low audio when someone throws it at you. Sounds loud only when it hits very close to you.ðŸŸ¡
âœ… Hammer/mallet is highly inaccurate. Hits about 20 degrees to the left of the crosshair. (https://iili.io/HSwU7It.gif)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Cyborg skin is black in-game and not visible on main UI.ðŸŸ¢
âœ… Only Hammer can de-rank enemies in gungame. This is unfair to Echo and Kulu.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Grenade has weird properties. It passes through the ground, sticks to it and bounces off the ground randomly.ðŸŸ¡
âœ… Grenades can be spam-spawned after Lilium dies (very prominent when playing on a mobile device).ðŸ”´

Heroes : Shin

âœ… Shin Dash doesn't cause any damage sometimes even after intersecting with enemies. ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Shin's hand positioning with some weapons like tec-9 and deagle is weird.ðŸŸ¡

Heroes : Echo

ðŸ”³ Echo's grapple can take you outside the map if used such. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye6cMna48N0)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Echo's grapple sometimes get thrown but doesn't show. Or it deals damage but doesn't get thrown (add clip here)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Echo's axe doesn't do any damage sometimes.ðŸ”´

Heroes : Kulu

ðŸ”³ Kulu cannot be unlocked with vgs anymore and Kulu quest is bugged. Quest doesn't activate until you complete some other quest.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Kulu's emission doesn't work anymore.ðŸŸ¢
âœ… Egyptian Kulu has a tracer that you can see through walls. (https://iili.io/HS8RzPe.png | https://youtu.be/-UxjE7C83IM)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ You can use Kulu's Staff anywhere where there is collision. It should only be usable on the ground. (https://iili.io/HUczWEF.png)ðŸŸ¡
âœ… Totems can be spam-spawned after Kulu dies (very prominent when playing on a mobile device).ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ When anyone in the match dies, the totems deactivate.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Sometimes the staff doesn't work on sloped grounds. It only works fine on horizontal grounds.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Totems can be spawned inside and attached to walls, roofs, water, jars, rocks etc. About anything that's collidable. Should be placeable only on ground.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ You can use Kulu's totem to climb up walls and high grounds by spamming space bar. (https://youtu.be/y9X80mrOosY)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ No dances except default work on Kulu.ðŸŸ¢

Weapons

ðŸ”³ The deagle's magazine is weirdly positioned sometimes. (https://iili.io/HSvdCYJ.png)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ The M4 starts out with 20 bullets instead of 25 when you join a game.ðŸŸ¡
âœ… Weapons start out with the same used magazine from last match if you continue to next match. It should be full-mag for every new match. (https://youtu.be/Eoyqyh1vKtI)ðŸ”´

Maps

ðŸ”³ Many advantageous spots and glitch spots in official maps. (make collage of all)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Boxes within maps are extremely slippery and even worse in editor.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Trees don't have hitboxes on their leaves.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Directional cubic lighting bug. The light moves in a cube-like shape in the direction you face. (https://iili.io/HSXwpqP.png)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Spamming spacebar on box edges makes you climb up them. Likely related to the boxes being slippery. (https://youtu.be/RgbDznCvy6M)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Payload in Mistle doesn't move sometimes.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Rocks close to the water in Mistle don't have hitboxes.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Cannot pick teams in Mistle TDM, team selection only works for custom Mistle matches.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Water in Mistle doesn't move a lot of times.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ There is no HP bar above your teammates in Mistle sometimes. And when you shoot at your teammates the HP bar is red. (add clip)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Mistle Payload hitbox is really big. You can get stuck in the snake tunnel because of it.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ No grapple collisions on Temple map. There are two that only flash when you try to use grapple but they don't work.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ You can spam jump the big rocks in SandstormBlitz to climb up them (add clip)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ AK-47 has still not been added to gun-game mode.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ While using glider in SandstormBlitz if you press RMB, the scope appears and you start gliding very slow. (add ss when sierra bug is fixed)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ There are minecart tracks on Tundra but there is no minecart. They lower performance.ðŸŸ¢
âœ… The gliders in SandstormBlitz are not very controllable and the Whirlwinds give it very less momentum.ðŸŸ¢

----- Social Hub -----

âœ… For banned or inexistent profiles the "Account is unavailable" alert doesn't show anymore. Its just a blank profile with no stats.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Unable to view a listing in "My Sales" after putting something up on market. It only shows up when it sells.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ You cannot search for the skins of Heat bundle on market. Likely a naming issue.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Player search bar doesn't show all entries for a search term. Only 10 search results are shown making it harder to search for the right user.ðŸŸ¡
âœ… Wiki thumbnails are broken.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Listed item doesn't get removed from inventory for quite a while after it gets sold.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Player search bar on leaderboard is broken. You have to search a name two times to make it appear.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Clan matches only show last 4 matches played by a member instead of every match played.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ For Medic skin, the skin-type is "Medic" instead of being "EchoSkin". This is also the reason why it doesn't work in-game.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ All social hub badges are not mentioned in the social hub wiki. (https://iili.io/HUcCfAN.png)ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ You get logged out frequently when you switch back and forth from the "Inventory" tab to the "My Sales" tab. (add clip)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Social hub inventory keeps changing order of items randomly. Makes it harder to look for items.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Social Hub has a login popup but behind it on the page there's already a login field.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ The "Default" skins in social hub inventory are very confusing since you cannot list them or sell them.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Some old event items are still unsellable. Would be great if they could be made sellable too.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ Clan leaderboard search bar is the same as leaderboard search bar. It should instead be there to search for clans instead of users.ðŸŸ¡

----- Map Editor -----

ðŸ”³ Random circles appear after placing an object on the scene. Also don't go away after the object is removed. (https://iili.io/HSXgkmX.png)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ A lot of times the editor and maps made with editor have objects with completely white texture.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Resizing an asset does not resize its colliders. (https://youtu.be/KPTr7pAH1u0)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ The collider "Invisible-Box" doesn't work anymore. ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ If you press Ctrl+D in editor instead of duplicating the object it sometimes opens up the bookmark popup of the browser (duplicate water and add clip)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ If you press R or T in play test mode, the Rotation and Translation handles are activated automatically when you switch back to build mode.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ The asset selection list on the right goes back to the first list item after every play test.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ When you change the position or rotation values by a small amount the position suddenly changes a lot. (add clip if possible)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Undo doesn't work properly. It only undoes the last step, sometimes even not that.ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Rotation handles for assets bug out a lot after an object is rotated a couple times. (https://youtu.be/h727-ngQoHc)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Editor mechanics (gravity, lighting, collisions, relative positioning) are so much different from the main game. They should be the same to get real time building experience.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ Editor doesn't let you save and load a map after a certain amount of saves (about 20-30) (Console bug- Maximum call stack size exceeded)ðŸ”´
ðŸ”³ Rotation handles don't have z-axis unlike translation and scaling handles.ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ The size of some existing assets in editor is either too big or too small as compared to official map asset sizes.ðŸŸ¢
ðŸ”³ The axes of rotation is physically still the same after an object is rotated. (https://youtu.be/dWs5HBuXPZ4)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ When two assets share the same coordinates/positions in editor they glitch out a lot. (add clip of skirted wall block)ðŸŸ¡
ðŸ”³ If you click Test map button too many times very quickly your crosshair doesn't lock anymore until you refresh page.ðŸ”´

----- Client ----- {TO BE ADDED SOON, NOT ACCEPTING SUBMISSIONS FOR THE MOMENT}

ðŸ”³


---------NEW BUGS----------
ðŸ”³ AK47 Hypothermia skin texture is lost (404), doesn't work in-game. (https://iili.io/H4PyJzQ.png)
ðŸ”³ Daily rewards don't give skins anymore, only vgs.
ðŸ”³ Favoriting items in inventory doesn't work well. It takes a lot of time until it actually updates and favorites the item.
ðŸ”³ Some skins like Valentine M4 and Valentine Sniper are very reflective.
ðŸ”³ The first capture point when you join a match in Sierra doesn't work as a capture point. If you stand within it you get no score. (ss)
ðŸ”³ While being logged out, if you go to shop > inventory > login, you are now stuck in an endless loop of these three pages until you refresh the page. (add clip)
ðŸ”³ Lilium's frost bomb overlay doesn't cover the whole screen. (ss with arrows)
ðŸ”³ No button to switch weapons on mobile, you can only switch them upon death.
